.\" $Id$
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2002-2007 Volkswagen Group Electronic Research
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions, the following disclaimer and
.\"    the referenced file 'COPYING'.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. Neither the name of Volkswagen nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" Alternatively, provided that this notice is retained in full, this
.\" software may be distributed under the terms of the GNU General
.\" Public License ("GPL") version 2 as distributed in the 'COPYING'
.\" file from the main directory of the linux kernel source.
.\"
.\" The provided data structures and external interfaces from this code
.\" are not restricted to be used by modules with a GPL compatible license.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
.\" "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
.\" LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
.\" A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
.\" OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
.\" SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
.\" LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
.\" DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
.\" THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
.\" OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
.\" DAMAGE.
.\"
.\" Send feedback to <socketcan-users@lists.berlios.de>
.\"
.TH CAN 7 2006-11-28 "Socket CAN" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
can \-  Linux CAN implementation
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <linux/can.h>
.br
.B #include <linux/can/raw.h>
.br
.B raw_socket = socket(PF_CAN, SOCK_RAW, CAN_RAW);
.br
.B bcm_socket = socket(PF_CAN, SOCK_DGRAM, CAN_BCM);
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is an implementation of the CAN protocols for Linux, based on the
Berkeley socket API.  It consits of network device drivers for a
number of CAN interface cards, a CAN core module which implements a
new protocol family PF_CAN, and CAN protocol implementations which can
be loaded as kernel modules.  The current GPL implementation covers
two protocol modules, a raw socket interface and the broadcast manager
(BCM) for efficiently handling periodically sent CAN messages.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR can-raw (7),
.BR bcm (7),
.BR socket (7)
